docs: add jina ai cloud restructure jcloud and hub (#5298)
jina-ai/jina: docs/jina-ai-cloud/index.md

# {octicon}`flame` Jina AI Cloud

:::::{grid} 2
:gutter: 3

::::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`package-dependents;1.5em` Explore Executor Hub
:link: ../fundamentals/executor/hub/index
:link-type: doc

Executor Hub is an Executor marketplace that allows you to share, explore and test Executors.

::::

::::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`cpu;1.5em` Deploy a Flow to JCloud
:link: ../fundamentals/jcloud/index
:link-type: doc

JCloud is a free CPU/GPU hosting platform for Jina projects.
::::

:::::

> Jina AI Cloud is **the portal** and **the single entrypoint** to manage **all** your Jina AI resources. These resources include: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jina AI Cloud is the **portal** and **single entrypoint** to manage **all** your Jina AI resources, including: 
```

- Data
  - [DocumentArray](https://docarray.jina.ai/fundamentals/documentarray/serialization/#from-to-cloud)
  - [Finetuner artifacts](https://finetuner.jina.ai/walkthrough/save-model/#save-artifact)
- [Executors](../fundamentals/executor/index.md)
- [Flows](../fundamentals/flow/index.md)

> - and [Apps](https://now.jina.ai)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Apps](https://now.jina.ai)
```

_Manage_ in this context means: CRUD, access control, personal access tokens, and subscription.

```{admonition} Under Development
:class: danger

Jina AI Cloud is under a heavy developement. Features and user experiences may change over time. 

> We are actively working on the graphic user interface for Jina AI Cloud. You may not see the full features right now. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are actively working on the GUI for Jina AI Cloud. You may not see the full features right now. 
```
